chore: add mention to K8s version detection (#553)
cdr/docs: setup/kubernetes/index.md

receive applicable fixes, including security updates, from the Kubernetes
project maintainers.

> > At installation, Coder checks to ensure that your cluster meets the minimum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> During installation, the Helm package manager will check to ensure that Coder is compatible with your cluster version; if not, the installation process will fail, and you will receive an error message indicating the minimum cluster version required.
```

receive applicable fixes, including security updates, from the Kubernetes
project maintainers.

> During installation, the Helm package manager will check to ensure that Coder
> is compatible with your cluster version; if not, the installation process will
> fail, and you will receive an error message indicating the minimum cluster

> > version required. requirements; if not, the installation process fails, and

Reviewer: seems to be some some leftover stuff here after accepting suggestions I guess?
